these kittens are just a dealed
without mother they are useless they
can't walk their eyes aren't even open
just like the young spiderlings they are
too small to be predators
growth however is rapid from fluffball
too many predator in just three weeks
but this is where spiders and cats
differ though physically the cats are
now quite developed the predatory
programming is incomplete now to start
developing the mind first their instinct
makes them curious instinct makes them
plea plea links body with mind they
start to look like predators focused
fast allowed but at this stage the rules
are simple catch anything that moves
after all it could be anywhere and
anything can be prey
but I can't can't live on feathers and
stones
this simple instinct needs a focus enter
mother she now comes back from hunts
with dead prey this is the new focus of
the kittens plea the kittens get what
she can catch a sample of the world of
prey outside
[Music]
she's programming the predatory machine
preparing it for future hunting sight
smell feel taste this is what should be
eaten for the next stage live prey now
the mind is focused on specific prey our
lesson than handling how fast is it how
does it move how do you catch it without
this training kittens will never be good
hunters this time live all escapes
finally enter the field to put training
into practice the go went to the outside
world with skills that basic instinct
can't provide alone they have the
advantage of learning
the predator hunts fueled by instinct
fine-tuned by learning